welcome sister in 60 your fury see from
Sky to all the fireworks from the floor
bonfire night brought with it a
spectacular variety of dazzling display
factors and it was formed of personality
and all 10 couples desperately tried to
set the studio a one-volume twenties
party girl jazz boom
there were immense absence by the way a
very good dancer
but this one was slightly forced with a
few dreams left on the bonfire I got a
little bored throughout it I didn't feel
anything tonight but it was Chelsea and
Pasha who rocketed to the top of the
leaderboard despite all the hard work
the spark had finally gone out for water
for dancing Jose Lulu and there's no
rest with a 9 nimble couples as they
head straight back to training make sure
you keep up to date on their progress
throughout the week right here at BBC
Coco UK forward slash strictly